# CodeLess&trade; Android Library

The CodeLess&trade; library implements the Renesas CodeLess&trade; and DSPS protocols and provides
helper classes to support the development of your own CodeLess&trade; and DSPS applications.

Import the `codelesslib` library module into your Android Studio project.
You can use the SmartConsole Android application source code as reference.

For more information on how to use the library, refer to the documentation of the following classes.
- Use `CodelessScanner` to scan for Bluetooth devices.
- Use `CodelessManager` to connect and interact with a CodeLess&trade; or DSPS device.
- `CodelessCommands` contains helper methods for sending various AT commands to the peer device.
- `CodelessEvent` contains event classes for all possible events that can be generated by the library.
- `CodelessProfile` contains definitions and helper classes and methods.
- See `CodelessCommand` on how supported AT commands are implemented and how to add new commands.
- Modify `CodelessLibConfig` to configure various aspects of the library behavior.
- Modify `CodelessLibLog` to configure the log output produced by the library.

**See also:** [CodeLess User Manual](https://lpccs-docs.renesas.com/UM-140-DA145x-CodeLess/index.html)

**Note:**
There is also a [CodeLess&trade; library for iOS](https://github.com/dialog-semiconductor/codeless_lib_ios) development, which is written in Objective-C.
While class names may be slightly different and the API uses the Objective-C syntax, the iOS
library behavior is similar to the Android one, except for some platform specific cases.

----------

### Import into Android Studio
1. Select: File &rarr; New &rarr; Import Module
2. Select the `codelesslib` module source code directory.
3. Add module in `settings.gradle`
   ```
   include ':codelesslib'
   ```
4. Add dependencies in app `build.gradle`
   ```
   implementation project(":codelesslib")
   implementation 'org.greenrobot:eventbus:3.3.1'
   ```
